docs: improved StackLayout docs (#96)
NativeScript/docs: content/ui/stack-layout.md

<img class="md:w-1/2 lg:w-1/3" src="https://art.nativescript.org/layouts/stack_layout_vertical.svg" />

> You can play with these examples in [Stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/nativescript-stackblitz-templates-ofdvhw?file=app%2Fmain-page.xml&title=NativeScript%20Starter%20TypeScript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can play with these examples in [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/nativescript-stackblitz-templates-ofdvhw?file=app%2Fmain-page.xml&title=NativeScript%20Starter%20TypeScript).
```

### Aligning children horizontally in a veritcal stack

> Child elements of a vertical stack can align themselves horizontally at `left`, `center or `right`with`horizontalAlignment property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child elements of a vertical stack can align themselves horizontally at `left`, `center` or `right` positions with the `horizontalAlignment` property.
```

> For example, below we are aligning child elements diagonally in a vertical stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we can align child elements diagonally in a vertical stack.
```
